https://jobs.vn.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=82a642f42a8c41b4

Principal Frontend Engineer (ReactJS/ VueJS)
Principal Frontend Engineer (ReactJS/ VueJS)
ANDPAD VietNam Co., Ltd
Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
&nbsp;
Location
Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh
&nbsp;
Full job description
Top 3 reasons to join us
No.1 Construction Tech company in Japan
Hybrid working environment
Attractive salary and Macbook Pro
Job description
We are looking for a Principal Frontend Developer (ReactJS/ VueJS) who can join to our team and develop the application in cooperation with the product manager, working in the form of Squad, a small team can quickly and consistently engage in everything from design to development, testing and operation.

Also, there are a lot of opportunities to work with new languages and FWs other than the main language in an international environment.

Job Scope
Design and implementation function of the product in charge using ReactJS
Implement UI and improve UX close to the customer's business to realize DX promotion
Requirements definition and specification formulation in collaboration with product managers and designers
Review the design, programming of other engineers
Development environment
Programing: TypeScript/HTML/CSS
Framework: ReactJS, VueJS, NuxtJS, NextJS
Infrastructure: AWS/GCP
CI/CD: Circle CI/Bitrise/GitHub Actions
Knowledge Tool: Confluence/esa
VCS: GitHub
Others: Slack/Jira/Trello
Your skills and experience
Must have:

Empathy for Andpad's mission and values
8+ years of experience in a software development role: Frontend Developer
Experience in TypeScript language
Experience in frontend frameworks (ReactJS, VueJS, etc.)
Knowledge and ability to explain principles of web operation and differences of browsers
Experience as a technical lead throughout the full project development lifecycle
Basic knowledge of Web application security
Skills of development and operation using various frameworks
Experience in Test code implementation (Unit Test)
Good at English communication
Nice to have:

Experienced in developing Front-end microservices.
Knowledge of backend development (Golang/ Ruby on rails/ Others)
Experience in discovering problems from logs and solving problems
Experience in deciding and progressing the technical policy of the team as a tech lead.
Experience in using and understanding of Library and Framework.
Experience in publishing and contributing to OSS.
Why you'll love working here
Competitive salary package, including full insurance coverage.
Annual performance review: twice/ year.
Year-end Bonus.
Hybrid working model.
12 days of annual leave and maximum of 6 days for New Year Leave.
Premium Healthcare Insurance Package starting from day one.
Annual Health Check-up.
Excellent career development opportunities, with exposure to and experience in the latest technologies.
Patents and Inventions bonus.
Company trip, Year-End Party, Gifts for Tet/ Holidays.
MacBook Pro/ Laptop is provided.
