https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4365960099/

Senior Frontend Engineer - Stablecoin 
About the job
Binance is a leading global blockchain ecosystem behind the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume and registered users. We are trusted by 300+ million people in 100+ countries for our industry-leading security, user fund transparency, trading engine speed, deep liquidity, and an unmatched portfolio of digital-asset products. Binance offerings range from trading and finance to education, research, payments, institutional services, Web3 features, and more. We leverage the power of digital assets and blockchain to build an inclusive financial ecosystem to advance the freedom of money and improve financial access for people around the world.

About The Role

We are looking to expand our Web3 Wallet team with a talented, experienced Front-end developer to build, improve and maintain high-stake applications. We design and build dashboards, tools, automations, publications and more to bring insights and efficiency across Binance and leaders’ teams. The ideal candidate should have solid engineering skills on DEX Development.

Responsibilities

Responsible for Stablecoin team's technical design, development, and performance optimization of the financial products.
Continuously improve the page responsive speed and guarantee the program's compatibility & efficiency.
Coordinate with Product Mangers on research & improve the UX/UE/UI.
Ensuring Web/Frontend stability, security, and user experience of the system

Requirements

Solid Web tech stack foundation, familiar with HTML/CSS/JavaScript/ES6/TypeScript.
Advance experience on programming, algorithms, computer basics, good sense on code style & best practice.
Strong hands-on experience with MV* architecture, Flux single data flow architecture, React.
Familiar with at least one of css pre-compile tool such as Sass and Less, and Frontend responsive layout.
Proficient with configuration of webpack/babel/eslint tools and etc, knowing their mechanism.
Proficient with http protocol, Familiar with web related security protections (cookie, xss, csrf etc).
Bonus: Experience with iOS, Android Development.
Bonus: Experience of building and deploying decentralized applications (DApps) and integrating them with smart contracts.
Familiar with mainstream AI tools like claude code and used to Agentic coding. 

Why Binance

 Shape the future with the world’s leading blockchain ecosystem
 Collaborate with world-class talent in a user-centric global organization with a flat structure
 Tackle unique, fast-paced projects with autonomy in an innovative environment
 Thrive in a results-driven workplace with opportunities for career growth and continuous learning
 Competitive salary and company benefits
 Work-from-home arrangement (the arrangement may vary depending on the work nature of the business team)

Binance is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. We believe that having a diverse workforce is fundamental to our success.

By submitting a job application, you confirm that you have read and agree to our  Candidate Privacy Notice .

We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses and identifying potential inconsistencies or verification signals in application materials based on available information. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.