https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/enterprise-architecture-operations-at-nab-innovation-centre-vietnam-4303969467/

Enterprise Architecture Operations
About the job
Practice Architecture Analyst will act as a strategic partner to Architecture Practitioners, providing guidance, training, insights, and tooling support to help them deliver on their domain objectives more effectively and in alignment with NAB's broader architectural standards and transformation goals
ABOUT THE JOB:

We are seeking a Practice Analyst to support the ongoing evolution of architecture tools and practices that enable high-quality domain delivery across the organization. 
 
This role will be responsible for operating, maintaining and enhancing key platforms within the Strategy & Architecture toolkit-specifically ServiceNow APM, SharePoint 360, and Confluence-by driving the end-to-end delivery of features, from requirements gathering, design, prioritization through to testing and implementation and value capture. 
 
Beyond technical enablement, the Practice Analyst will act as a strategic partner to Architecture Practitioners, providing guidance, training, insights, and tooling support to help them deliver on their domain objectives more effectively and in alignment with NAB's broader architectural standards and transformation goals

On a given day you will be:
Supporting the maintenance of architecture artefacts, guidance and knowledgebase articles and documentation
Supporting Data Quality Improvement efforts, identifying gaps, updating definitions and supporting architects with closing these gaps;
Producing insights & analysis on an as-need basis to support executive-level business decisions.
Work with stakeholders, gather requirements and create feature stories in Rally;
Test Features in test environments, run automated test scripts and analyse results, raise and monitor defects, and approve changes to move to production
Create incident records if architecture tooling breaks or stops working in any way and monitor / support resolution;
Update templates, guidance or artefacts as needed
Answer architecture practitioner queries and questions
Manage access support requests (MyID, ServiceNow submissions etc…)
Effective prioritisation and completion of assigned activities


You will bring the following skills and experience:
5+ years experience in the Technology industry, including in both operational & delivery roles.
2+ years Architecture or Design Experience desirable with developing or running agile practices in large organisations with regulatory and legacy constraints.
Experience with features / functions of ServiceNow (APM / Enterprise Architecture), Sharepoint Online (O365), Confluence and Rally;
Experience with producing reporting via Excel (pivot tables, moderate skills of using functions and macros etc…)
Strong data analytical and reporting skills with the ability to investigate and determine root cause and / or surface insights from data;
Ability to write user stories for feature development in Rally;
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Critical thinking and curiosity to understand problems and determine solutions.
Ability to work in a complex environment and manage and prioritise competing streams of work

Other capabilities (technical)
Clarity and Signavio skills desirable but not essential.
Experience with Source code control technologies - GitHub etc.
Experience with enterprise-grade reporting tools (ie. Power BI etc..)
Exposure to cloud technologies (Azure, AWS).
Cloud certifications desirable but not essential. 



THE BENEFITS AND PERKS
We appreciate and reward our colleagues who do great work every day - from excelling for our customers, to taking ownership of an issue to get it resolved. Here's how we support our people with a range of exclusive benefits.

1. Generous compensation and benefit package
Attractive salary
20-day paid annual leave and 7-day paid sick leave
13th month salary and Annual Performance Bonus
Premium healthcare for yourself and family members
Monthly allowance for team activities
Premium welcome kit and occasional gifts of appreciation
Extra benefits on your work anniversary

2. Exciting career and development opportunities
Large scale products with modern technologies in banking domain
Clear roadmap for career advancement in both technical and leadership pathways

Access to digital learning platform such as Udemy
Consistent and high-quality leadership training through the Distinctive Leadership program (DLP)
Specialist capabilities and accreditations in key skill areas such as Cloud Engineering, Digital, Data, Security and SREs (Site reliability engineers)
Sponsored English course with native teachers
Opportunity for training in Australia 

3. Professional and engaging working environment
Hybrid working model and excellent work-life balance
State-of-the-art & modern Agile office
Food and beverages in the office pantry
Employee Assistance Program to improve your physical and mental health
Annual team activities and company events
A solid and talented team behind you - great people who love what they do 

A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE WORKS BETTER FOR EVERYONE
We know that our people make us who we are. That's why we have built a culture of respect - where everyone feels valued and appreciated for being their true authentic selves at NAB. With our focus on inclusion and diversity, and in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups, NAB is a place where First Nations colleagues, colleagues of all genders, sexualities and ages, carers and colleagues with disability, and colleagues from all cultures, races and religions have the opportunity to thrive, connect and grow. 
We are intent on providing an environment where you can work your way. Ask about our many flexible work options and please let us know if we can provide any adjustments throughout the recruitment process.

CLOUD-FIRST
NAB is undergoing an exciting "Cloud First" technology transformation by taking advantage of the latest tools and techniques used by leading technology and digital companies globally. But it's not just about the Tech, we are also investing heavily in our people, so if you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you!

If this excites you, let's have a chat over a cup of coffee!


It's more than just a career at NAB!
We believe in people with people and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. More than just a career, NAB Vietnam offers you a flexibility to balance your work - life, the opportunity to grow as professionals, people and a complete set of well-being offerings. If you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you.
 
IT'S MORE THAN MONEY
We naturally also provide a very competitive remuneration package but a career with us is about a lot more than money. We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. We will work together to deliver exceptional products and outcomes that push the limits of our own aspirations. Our passion for creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we are constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. You will have our backing to develop and our encouragement to explore, realize and reach your full potential.
