https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/enterprise-architect-merchant-service-at-nab-innovation-centre-vietnam-4204734088/

Enterprise Architect - Merchant Service
About the job
About the Job:
A solution Architect at NAB set’s the technical direction for projects, you will develop solution architectures to solve business problems whilst ensuring alignment to NAB’s Technology strategy.
On a given day you will be:
Meeting with your Product Owners, Project Managers and Engineering to produce End to end architectures that align to the Technology Roadmap.
Producing Option’s analysis and provide recommendations of which solution to move forward with balancing speed to value, cost, alignment to target state, data and security requirements. This could involve conducting research into a Commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) product, best way to structure a microservices or what Public Cloud services to use as part of your architecture.
Consultation with other architects within NAB in order to move forward with your architecture, this includes Enterprise Architects to understand the target state, Security architects and Data architects to understand Security and Data requirements and patterns.

You will bring the following skills and experience
10+ years in Technology generally and 5+ years in Solution / Enterprise architecture.
Excellent verbal and written English language skills.
Strong negotiation and influencing skills to help shape business and tech strategy.
Understand the trade-off involved in technology change while simultaneously delivering business benefits. Ie Choosing to use an off- target state platform to as a tactical solution in order to meet regulatory requirements whilst the target state platform is being built.
Experience driving end-to-end solutions in complex organisations with regulatory and legacy constraints.

Highly desirable:
Card Transaction, Payment, Customer Digital, Merchant Facility in Banking / financial; services industry experience will be an advantage.
Architecture or technology-related certifications/cloud will be an advantage.

THE BENEFITS AND PERKSWe appreciate and reward our colleagues who do great work every day – from excelling for our customers, to taking ownership of an issue to get it resolved. Here’s how we support our people with a range of exclusive benefits.
1. Generous compensation and benefit package
Attractive salary
20-day paid annual leave and 7-day paid sick leave
13th month salary and Annual Performance Bonus
Premium healthcare for yourself and family members
Monthly allowance for team activities
Premium welcome kit and occasional gifts of appreciation
Extra benefits on your work anniversary

2. Exciting career and development opportunities
Large scale products with modern technologies in banking domain
Clear roadmap for career advancement in both technical and leadership pathways
Access to digital learning platform such as Udemy
Consistent and high-quality leadership training through the Distinctive Leadership program (DLP)
Specialist capabilities and accreditations in key skill areas such as Cloud Engineering, Digital, Data, Security and SREs (Site reliability engineers)
Sponsored English course with native teachers
Opportunity for training in Australia

3. Professional and engaging working environment
Hybrid working model and excellent work-life balance
State-of-the-art & modern Agile office
Food and beverages in the office pantry
Employee Assistance Program to improve your physical and mental health
Annual team activities and company events
A solid and talented team behind you – great people who love what they do

A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE WORKS BETTER FOR EVERYONEWe know that our people make us who we are. That's why we have built a culture of respect – where everyone feels valued and appreciated for being their true authentic selves at NAB. With our focus on inclusion and diversity, and in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups, NAB is a place where First Nations colleagues, colleagues of all genders, sexualities and ages, carers and colleagues with disability, and colleagues from all cultures, races and religions have the opportunity to thrive, connect and grow.We are intent on providing an environment where you can work your way. Ask about our many flexible work options and please let us know if we can provide any adjustments throughout the recruitment process.
CLOUD-FIRSTNAB is undergoing an exciting "Cloud First" technology transformation by taking advantage of the latest tools and techniques used by leading technology and digital companies globally. But it’s not just about the Tech, we are also investing heavily in our people, so if you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you!If this excites you, let's have a chat over a cup of coffee!