https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/engineering-manager-ho-chi-minh-at-nab-innovation-centre-vietnam-4118339816/

Engineering Manager - Ho Chi Minh
About the job
ABOUT THE JOBAs an Engineer Manager, you will be accountable for the leadership of one or more engineering scrum teams to plan, deliver and support service features that deliver customer value and/or mature service capability. The position is also accountable for executing the people leader fundamentals in line with NAB Policies, driving a learning-based culture with an ability to set and gain agreement for realistic and stretching objectives for the team.
YOUR JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Manage multi-Agile teams to deliver on engineering standards, sprint backlogs, and plans, engineers’ responsibilities and performance management, code quality, adherence to development, and testing guardrails.
Manage milestones, deliverables, risks, and dependencies of the engineering teams.
Educate the engineering teams and ensure the release of features to production comply with NAB risk management frameworks.
Ability to create and maintain relationships with a wide range of stakeholders.
Be the voice of reason between speed and quality.
Evangelist of the T-shaped working model; coach engineers to be T-shaped, versatile, and take responsibility outside their core disciplines.
Line management (1:1 meeting, personal development & training plan, career path, probation reviews, and performance reviews);
Coach teams in applying Scrum and DevOps.
Be responsible for continuous improvement of the teams.
Lead initiatives for implementing efficient development and delivery processes.
Drive a learning-based culture with an ability to set and gain agreement for realistic and stretching objectives for the team.

Technical environment:
Microservices architecture system
Programming - Java, JavaScript, MV* patterns, Nodejs, ReactJS (including Redux)
Databases – Postgres, MongoDB
DevOps – Jenkins, Artifactory, SonarQube, GitHub, CloudFormation
Cloud: Multi-Cloud, AWS (Lambda, Postgres, S3, API Gateway, CLI, SNS/SQS), Azure

YOUR SKILL AND EXPERIENCEMust have:
10+ years working experience in Software Development; 5+ years’ experience in leading cross-functional Agile teams.
Solid understanding of Software Quality, DevOps environments
Excellent experience in SDLC methodologies – Scrum, Kanban, Waterfall
Proven ability to manage and deliver complex technology projects involving multiple engineering teams both onshore and offshore.
Real-world experience with large-scale Agile adoption, not just theoretical knowledge.
Strong stakeholder management experience.
Proven people leadership, team building, motivation, and coaching skills
Experience in managing code and change management processes.
Experience with IT Service Management (e.g., Release Management) and experience with using Service Now or similar.
Strong ability to communicate at both strategic and operational level internally and externally, making effective decisions balancing business and stakeholder needs.
Fluent English skills

Nice to have:
Agile – Certified Scrum Master (preferred)
Experience in the Banking or Financial Services industry; (preferred)
Fluent in English communication skills (both verbal & written

THE BENEFITS AND PERKSWe appreciate and reward our colleagues who do great work every day – from excelling for our customers, to taking ownership of an issue to get it resolved. Here’s how we support our people with a range of exclusive benefits.
1. Generous compensation and benefit package 
Attractive salary
20-day paid annual leave and 7-day paid sick leave
13th month salary and Annual Performance Bonus
Premium healthcare for yourself and family members
Monthly allowance for team activities
Premium welcome kit and occasional gifts of appreciation
Extra benefits on your work anniversary

2. Exciting career and development opportunities 
Large scale products with modern technologies in banking domain
Clear roadmap for career advancement in both technical and leadership pathways
Access to digital learning platform such as Udemy
Consistent and high-quality leadership training through the Distinctive Leadership program (DLP)
Specialist capabilities and accreditations in key skill areas such as Cloud Engineering, Digital, Data, Security and SREs (Site reliability engineers)
Sponsored English course with native teachers
Opportunity for training in Australia

3. Professional and engaging working environment 
Hybrid working model and excellent work-life balance
State-of-the-art & modern Agile office
Food and beverages in the office pantry
Employee Assistance Program to improve your physical and mental health
Annual team activities and company events
A solid and talented team behind you – great people who love what they do

A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE WORKS BETTER FOR EVERYONEWe know that our people make us who we are. That's why we have built a culture of respect – where everyone feels valued and appreciated for being their true authentic selves at NAB. With our focus on inclusion and diversity, and in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups, NAB is a place where First Nations colleagues, colleagues of all genders, sexualities and ages, carers and colleagues with disability, and colleagues from all cultures, races and religions have the opportunity to thrive, connect and grow.We are intent on providing an environment where you can work your way. Ask about our many flexible work options and please let us know if we can provide any adjustments throughout the recruitment process.
CLOUD-FIRST NAB is undergoing an exciting "Cloud First" technology transformation by taking advantage of the latest tools and techniques used by leading technology and digital companies globally. But it’s not just about the Tech, we are also investing heavily in our people, so if you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you!
If this excites you, let's have a chat over a cup of coffee!