
https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/engineering-manager-ai-at-nab-innovation-centre-vietnam-4425578566/
Engineering Manager (AI)
About the job
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:


The Manager, Engineer is responsible for leading one or more engineering squads to plan, deliver and support enterprise technology solutions that improve service capability, reduce risk and deliver operational efficiencies across T&EO.
 
This role is accountable for managing the AI engineering squad to deliver AI-enabled solutions, supporting AI Program initiatives and T&EO COO opportunities. Partnering closely with the AI Program Delivery Manager, T&EO COO stakeholders to translate identified opportunities into scalable, production-ready solutions. This includes embedding AI-enabled capabilities into existing systems and workflows to improve efficiency, reduce manual effort and strengthen controls.
 
The Manager, Engineer is responsible for ensuring strong engineering discipline across delivery, including secure design, auditability, testability and compliance with NAB standards, with a particular focus on risk reduction and control effectiveness. They will also foster a culture of continuous improvement, learning and responsible adoption of AI-enabled capabilities within the squad.



YOUR SKILL & EXPERIENCE:

Experience
Significant technology experience including application development and/or support
Experience leading engineering teams in complex enterprise environments
Experience in Technology Risk, controls uplift, remediation or regulated environments (highly desirable)
Exposure to AI-enabled or data-driven solutions (delivery, integration or implementation)
Experience working with global teams


Essential capabilities
Strong engineering leadership with experience delivering enterprise-scale technology solutions
Proven ability to deliver solutions that improve control effectiveness, reduce risk and enhance operational efficiency
Experience integrating AI-enabled capabilities (e.g. automation, decision support, intelligent workflows) into existing systems
Strong understanding of software engineering best practices including CI/CD, testing, security and auditability
Data-driven problem solving and ability to use analytics approaches to identify and address issues
Strong focus on quality, detail and compliance with standards
Excellent communication and stakeholder engagement skills
People leadership and ability to build high-performing teams
Other capabilities
Strong working knowledge of project management/ agile tooling
Able to navigate a large complex organisation, and build relationships with senior stakeholders
Change management within business and technology



THE BENEFITS AND PERKS 

We appreciate and reward our colleagues who do great work every day - from excelling for our customers, to taking ownership of an issue to get it resolved. Here's how we support our people with a range of exclusive benefits.

1. Generous compensation and benefit package 
Attractive salary
20-day paid annual leave and 7-day paid sick leave
13th month salary and Annual Performance Bonus
Premium healthcare for yourself and family members
Monthly allowance for team activities
Premium welcome kit and occasional gifts of appreciation
Extra benefits on your work anniversary
2. Exciting career and development opportunities 
Large scale products with modern technologies in banking domain
Clear roadmap for career advancement in both technical and leadership pathways
Access to digital learning platform such as Udemy
Consistent and high-quality leadership training through the Distinctive Leadership program (DLP)
Specialist capabilities and accreditations in key skill areas such as Cloud Engineering, Digital, Data, Security and SREs (Site reliability engineers)
Sponsored English course with native teachers
Opportunity for training in Australia
3. Professional and engaging working environment
Hybrid working model and excellent work-life balance
State-of-the-art & modern Agile office
Food and beverages in the office pantry
Employee Assistance Program to improve your physical and mental health
Annual team activities and company events
A solid and talented team behind you - great people who love what they do


A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE WORKS BETTER FOR EVERYONE 

We know that our people make us who we are. That's why we have built a culture of respect - where everyone feels valued and appreciated for being their true authentic selves at NAB. With our focus on inclusion and diversity, and in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups, NAB is a place where First Nations colleagues, colleagues of all genders, sexualities and ages, carers and colleagues with disability, and colleagues from all cultures, races and religions have the opportunity to thrive, connect and grow. 
 
We are intent on providing an environment where you can work your way. Ask about our many flexible work options and please let us know if we can provide any adjustments throughout the recruitment process.



CLOUD-FIRST 

NAB is undergoing an exciting "Cloud First" technology transformation by taking advantage of the latest tools and techniques used by leading technology and digital companies globally. But it's not just about the Tech, we are also investing heavily in our people, so if you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you!



If this excites you, let's have a chat over a cup of coffee!It's more than just a career at NAB!
We believe in people with people and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. More than just a career, NAB Vietnam offers you a flexibility to balance your work - life, the opportunity to grow as professionals, people and a complete set of well-being offerings. If you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you.
 
IT'S MORE THAN MONEY
We naturally also provide a very competitive remuneration package but a career with us is about a lot more than money. We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. We will work together to deliver exceptional products and outcomes that push the limits of our own aspirations. Our passion for creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we are constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. You will have our backing to develop and our encouragement to explore, realize and reach your full potential.