https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-frontend-developer-at-nab-innovation-centre-vietnam-4280719405/

Senior Frontend Developer
About the job
ABOUT THE JOB We are seeking motivated ReactJS Engineers who are passionate, results focused to take accountability for the design and delivery of banking front end applications.  YOUR JOB RESPONSIBILITIES 
Collaborate with other NAB’s technology leaders towards improving and fulfilling the NAB technical direction; 
Design, develop, review, implement, and manage React.js application code and services for the production and pre-release environments; 
Participate in Agile software development, prototyping, and code review with international development teams to build scalable microservices-based products; 
Work with delivery teams to achieve success through development using CI/CD and DevOps practices, processes and tooling; 
Provide robust coding practices, solid unit/component test coverage, and debugging code. 
Peer reviews of others code, and the ability to recommend changes and challenge decisions 
 YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCE 
 4 years’ + experience working in Software Development: Solid experience in JavaScript ES6/TypeScript working with React.js or similar technologies (Angular.js, Vue.js); 
Efficient in all areas of web development (HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Foundation, JQuery, JSON) including accessibility and security concerns; 
Experience in Cloud computing and Amazon Web Services 
Strong understanding of standard Software Engineering processes, Testing, and Agile methodology; 
Experience in using front-end testing and test runners (eg. Selenium, Mocha/Chai/Jest). 
Well-versed in writing structured, well-documented, maintainable, and clean code; 
Strong English communication skills (both verbal & written), especially in the global software development environment. 
Nice-to-have: 
Experience in the Banking or Financial Services industry; 
Have knowledge in Cloud computing and Amazon Web Services;
Any additional certification or training in IT, Business, Computer Science, or related area. 
 THE BENEFITS AND PERKS We appreciate and reward our colleagues who do great work every day – from excelling for our customers, to taking ownership of an issue to get it resolved. Here’s how we support our people with a range of exclusive benefits. 1. Generous compensation and benefit package  
Attractive salary 
20-day paid annual leave and 7-day paid sick leave 
13th month salary and Annual Performance Bonus 
Premium healthcare for yourself and family members 
Monthly allowance for team activities 
Premium welcome kit and occasional gifts of appreciation 
Extra benefits on your work anniversary 
2. Exciting career and development opportunities  
Large scale products with modern technologies in banking domain 
Clear roadmap for career advancement in both technical and leadership pathways 
Access to digital learning platform such as Udemy 
Consistent and high-quality leadership training through the Distinctive Leadership program (DLP) 
Specialist capabilities and accreditations in key skill areas such as Cloud Engineering, Digital, Data, Security and SREs (Site reliability engineers) 
Sponsored English course with native teachers 
Opportunity for training in Australia 
3. Professional and engaging working environment  
Hybrid working model and excellent work-life balance 
State-of-the-art & modern Agile office 
Food and beverages in the office pantry 
Employee Assistance Program to improve your physical and mental health 
Annual team activities and company events 
A solid and talented team behind you – great people who love what they do 
 A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE WORKS BETTER FOR EVERYONE We know that our people make us who we are. That's why we have built a culture of respect – where everyone feels valued and appreciated for being their true authentic selves at NAB. With our focus on inclusion and diversity, and in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups, NAB is a place where First Nations colleagues, colleagues of all genders, sexualities and ages, carers and colleagues with disability, and colleagues from all cultures, races and religions have the opportunity to thrive, connect and grow. We are intent on providing an environment where you can work your way. Ask about our many flexible work options and please let us know if we can provide any adjustments throughout the recruitment process.  CLOUD-FIRST  NAB is undergoing an exciting "Cloud First" technology transformation by taking advantage of the latest tools and techniques used by leading technology and digital companies globally. But it’s not just about the Tech, we are also investing heavily in our people, so if you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you! If this excites you, let's have a chat over a cup of coffee!