https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/staff-principal-software-engineer-at-axon-3922703050/

Staff / Principal Software Engineer
About the job
Join Axon and be a Force for Good.

At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.

Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.

Your impact

You are a Staff Software Software Engineer with experience building large-scale software applications. You will collaborate with other staff and senior engineers to shape and drive the technical direction for the organization and products. Your strong system design skills will aid you in taking a holistic approach to ensuring our products are bulletproof and fault-tolerant, while meeting demanding interactivity and responsiveness requirements. Your customer-obsession leads you to join forces with product and design to imagine and deliver innovative solutions to key customer problems.

Working closely with senior engineers across teams to review their designs and steer them toward more reliable and sustainable outcomes makes you a force multiplier for your team and the teams around you. You are a great collaborator and coach, and will mentor our next set of engineering leaders. You foster a friendly, open, inward-looking culture that encourages everyone to speak their mind and avoid red tape, unnecessary rituals, bureaucracy and politics. You embody our company value of Join Forces, and have zero tolerance for people not willing to work as a team.

As a senior technical contributor, you have a passion for technology, and keep abreast of the latest trends, frameworks, and tools. As a technical leader, you advise our director of engineering on technical strategy for the org, while balancing our business and engineering priorities to help determine the right long-term initiatives and investments.

Come work in an exciting environment where you use your passion, experience, and analytical skills to help bring new solutions to public safety, and leave a positive impact on the world!

What You'll Do

Location: Hybrid working in our HCMC office

Direct Reports


Set a high technical bar for the team through deep technical insights and architecture design reviews
Mentor software senior engineers across multiple teams
Work across teams with Product, Design, and Engineering to solve some of our biggest technical challenges within our stack for our customers
Improve our Engineering process, including long-term thinking, sprint planning and stand-ups
Build services that adhere to our high bar on availability, performance, and security in this mission-critical space
Work with the latest open source technologies

What You Bring


10+ years of experience in software engineering
Experience building and scaling complex and impactful software products in a team environment
Deep skill in driving technical solutions across multiple teams
Backend cloud experience in managed languages such as Scala, Java, Go, C#, or similar
Strong experience with relational and NoSQL databases, such as SQL Server and Cassandra
Experience designing and delivering high-availability, scalable cloud-based systems
You write beautiful, simple, maintainable code for backend microservices
You have a track record of setting the technical and organizational direction for a growing engineering team across multiple global locations

Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.

Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.

Important Notes

The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.

Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.

Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.

We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email recruitingops@axon.com. Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.