https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/2026-vietnam-software-engineering-internship-at-axon-4378757952/

Join Axon and be a Force for Good.
At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.
Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.
Join Axon and be a Force for Good
At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.
Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.
Your Impact
As a Software Engineer Intern, you have foundational computer science knowledge and a strong command of one or more object-oriented programming languages. Your passion is software engineering and coming up with innovative solutions for customer problems. You will grow rapidly by driving high impact features to production with coaching from your veteran teammates.
This role will enable you to elevate your skills to the next level. As an intern, you will have regular 1:1s with your mentor, an experienced engineer on your team. You will get career advice through regular meetings with your manager, who is accountable for developing the careers of their reports. As part of your internship, you’ll get visibility by presenting your ideas, vision, and accomplishments to executive leadership.
Join Forces in an exciting environment where you use your passion, experience, and analytical skills to help bring new solutions to public safety and leave a positive impact on the world.
What You’ll Do
Owning and driving end-to-end features with Product and Design
Working with the latest open source technologies
Participating in code reviews and architecture design meetings
Ensuring that your code hits a high bar for quality and performance
Daily involvement with all team activities, from standup and sprint planning to team morale events
What You Bring
Pursuing graduation in a Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field at a community college, university, or bootcamp
Experience in at least one object-oriented language such as Java, Python, Scala, Go, C#, or similar
Effective communication and collaboration skills
Up-to-date knowledge of the latest in software engineering and open source technologies
Working knowledge of database technology such as SQL or NoSQL
Cultural alignment to Axon Company Values: https://global.axon.com/company/values
Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.
Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.
Important Notes
The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.
Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.
We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at axongreenhousesupport@axon.com or via our Axon Privacy Web Form. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.
Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.
We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email recruitingops@axon.com. Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.