https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/frontend-software-engineer-i-at-axon-4402682882/
About the job
Join Axon and be a Force for Good.

At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.

Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.

Your Impact

As a Frontend Software Engineer at Axon, you involve in multiple activities to extend our product capabilities as well as solidify it for new customers. You also take the lead in our new initiatives that leverage technologies to make safer life for millions of people around the world.

What You’ll Do

Work Location: This role is based out of our Ho Chi Minh City office and follows a hybrid schedule. We rely on in-person collaboration and ask that team members work onsite Tuesdays through Fridays, with the flexibility to work remotely on Mondays, unless there is an approved workplace accommodation. We believe that connection fuels innovation, and our in-office culture is designed to foster meaningful teamwork, mentorship, and shared success.


Participating in code reviews and architecture design meetings.
Owning and driving end-to-end features with Product and Design.
Ensuring that your code hits a high bar for quality and performance.
Partner with internal teams and agencies to make public safety data accessible and actionable.
Influence peers, advise senior leaders, coach and mentor junior team members.
Facilitate cross-team collaboration among engineers and contribute to the broader community of Axon engineers.

What You Bring


Good computer science backgrounds (programming, data structure, algorithm)
2+ years of experience in designing, developing and operating front-end web application
Previous experience working as a ReactJS developer
Proficient understanding of Javascript
Clear communication in English

Benefits that Benefit You


Medical and Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Robust Paid Time Off policy
Bonuses
Lunch allowance
Cell phone stipend
Free LinkedIn Learning account
Access to 24/7 online emotional and mental support
Gym membership
Free parking
Stocked fridges and pantries - free coffee, cold beverages, snacks
Annual Company Outing Trip
Monthly team social activities

Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.

Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.

Important Notes

The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.

Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.

We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at axongreenhousesupport@axon.com or via our Axon Privacy Web Form. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.

Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.

We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email recruitingops@axon.com.  Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.

Phishing alert: Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process. All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at https://www.axon.com/careers. If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not @axon.com, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to recruitingops@axon.com.