https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/lead-product-owner-payments-at-nab-innovation-centre-vietnam-4407805919/

Lead Product Owner - Payments 
About the job
ABOUT THE JOB

The Lead Product Owner role is a key contributing role across NAB's account to account payment value chain.
 
The Lead Product Owner understands the core value proposition, key features and how it integrates across NAB's processes, workflows and systems.
 
The Lead Product Owner is responsible for delivering commercial outcomes, product roadmaps and market leading experiences, while ensuring adherence to risk, compliance and control frameworks.
 
Leading a team of Product Consultants that support technology assets and day to day product management, the Lead Product Owner will be integral in fostering high performers across multiple geographies.



MAIN JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
 
Supporting the Enterprise Payments team, you are accountable for day to day product management to deliver commercial objectives and ensure customer and colleague experiences are maintained at a high level and accountable for the success of your squad's outcomes.
 
Key activities:

Support product risk and control requirements, including ensuring adherence to obligations
 
Review and respond to colleague enquires, support team escalations and further escalate as required
 
Undertake and review regular market analysis, assessment of performance metrics and customer complaints
 
Provide insights and recommendations for product and experience improvements
 
Support delivery and implementation of initiatives to enhance customer and colleague experience
 
Complete periodic reviews of product collateral, including terms and conditions and manage currency of collateral.
 
Facilitate and support commercialization activities, including customer onboarding
 
Support change initiatives and delivery of business outcomes as aligned to the product roadmap
 
Support facilitation of squad cadences and cross squad co-ordination with other Squad PO's and/or RTE's as needed
 
You work with the other members of the squad to elaborate features and stories, defining acceptance criteria and definition of done
 
Make effective day to day decisions to enable the squad to progress the work engaging with relevant Business Outcomes owners as needed
 
Work collaboratively with the squad members to deliver backlog, and attend all relevant agile ceremonies
 
Communication and engagement with stakeholders outside of the squad, protecting the squad members to enable focus on their work and avoid context-switching
 
Conducts problem resolution, helps to resolve and/or escalate impediments
 
Interacting with a diverse set of stakeholders to understand demand, all while keeping with to keep the voice of the customer front of mind
 
Ensure squad performance metrics are of a high standard driving continual improvements in quality and velocity
 
Fulfil other tasks as assigned by your People Leader and/or authorized representative of NAB Vietnam from time to time.
 




YOUR SKILLS & EXPERIENCE
 
10 years+ experience working in a similar role (i.e Product Owner, Product Manager, etc...) preferably within the payments industry
Demonstrated ability to build and maintain effective relationships with a range of stakeholders
 
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate and achieve outcomes
 
Proven record of managing within a regulatory environment, including compliance, obligations and scheme management
 
Demonstrated ability to build a strong performance culture and capabilities as a team
 
Extensive experience with agile ways of working and AI tools
 
Ability to create and convey a vision to key stakeholders and teams, developing it into a shaped backlog of key features, user stories and goals in line with Domain cadence
 
Comfortable playing a leadership role, including leading workshops through the discovery, development and operational usage stages of development
 
Ability to innovate, adapt and grasp new skills and content
 
Proven analytical skills and evidence based decision making
 
Project delivery and knowledge of the software development cycle
 

 
Qualification Requirements
 
Tertiary qualified, preferably in a relevant field of business, commerce, economics or science.
 
Regulatory checks and approvals as required
 




THE BENEFITS AND PERKS

We appreciate and reward our colleagues who do great work every day - from excelling for our customers, to taking ownership of an issue to get it resolved. Here's how we support our people with a range of exclusive benefits.



1. Generous compensation and benefit package 
 
Attractive salary
 
20-day paid annual leave and 7-day paid sick leave
 
13th month salary and Annual Performance Bonus
 
Premium healthcare for yourself and family members
 
Monthly allowance for team activities
 
Premium welcome kit and occasional gifts of appreciation
 


2. Exciting career and development opportunities 
 
Large scale products with modern technologies in banking domain
 
Clear roadmap for career advancement in both technical and leadership pathways
 
Access to digital learning platform such as Udemy
 
Consistent and high-quality leadership training through the Distinctive Leadership program (DLP)
 
Specialist capabilities and accreditations in key skill areas such as Cloud Engineering, Digital, Data, Security and SREs (Site reliability engineers)
 
Opportunity for training in Australia
 


3. Professional and engaging working environment 
 
Hybrid working model and excellent work-life balance
 
State-of-the-art & modern Agile office
 
Food and beverages in the office pantry
 
Employee Assistance Program to improve your physical and mental health
 
Annual team activities and company events
 
A solid and talented team behind you - great people who love what they do
 


A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE WORKS BETTER FOR EVERYONE

We know that our people make us who we are. That's why we have built a culture of respect - where everyone feels valued and appreciated for being their true authentic selves at NAB. With our focus on inclusion and diversity, and in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups, NAB is a place where First Nations colleagues, colleagues of all genders, sexualities and ages, carers and colleagues with disability, and colleagues from all cultures, races and religions have the opportunity to thrive, connect and grow.
 
We are intent on providing an environment where you can work your way. Ask about our many flexible work options and please let us know if we can provide any adjustments throughout the recruitment process.



CLOUD-FIRST 

NAB is undergoing an exciting "Cloud First" technology transformation by taking advantage of the latest tools and techniques used by leading technology and digital companies globally. But it's not just about the Tech, we are also investing heavily in our people, so if you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you!


It's more than just a career at NAB!
We believe in people with people and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. More than just a career, NAB Vietnam offers you a flexibility to balance your work - life, the opportunity to grow as professionals, people and a complete set of well-being offerings. If you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you.
 
IT'S MORE THAN MONEY
We naturally also provide a very competitive remuneration package but a career with us is about a lot more than money. We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. We will work together to deliver exceptional products and outcomes that push the limits of our own aspirations. Our passion for creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we are constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. You will have our backing to develop and our encouragement to explore, realize and reach your full potential.