https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4451640547/

Senior Full-Stack Engineer (ReactJS, Golang) - Payments 
About the job
ABOUT THE JOB: 

You'll participate in the direction of the company and products, you'll be part of a small team where everyone has a voice.
 
As a Senior Full-stack Engineer (ReactJS, Golang) at Banked you'll contribute across the stack-from backend services to frontend interfaces-while also helping maintain the infrastructure that supports our systems in production.



YOUR JOB RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
Work with other engineers, product managers and designers across the company to priorities, build, measure and iterate over new features and products
Build APIs and services that reliably deliver functionality to our customers
Build elegant interfaces which will be hosted by us, embeddable by our clients and integratable as components; focusing on web performance and accessibility
Improve engineering standards, tooling and processes as we grow
Be part of the team evolving architecture and design of our software stack
Mentor and help grow your peers and junior engineers, as well as be open to feedback and mentoring from those around you
Fulfil other tasks as assigned by your People Leader and/or authorized representative of NAB Vietnam from time to time.


YOUR SKILL AND EXPERIENCE 
 
Experience in communicating and working with software teams, and working towards building inclusive, fun environments
A track record of taking software end-to-end, from inception working alongside product managers and designers to production and beyond
Solid experience with Golang for backend development
Strong proficiency in JavaScript/TypeScript and modern frameworks (Next.js, LitElement)
Experience with frontend styling using TailwindCSS
Familiarity with containerization and orchestration tools (Docker, Kubernetes)
Understanding of infrastructure as code using Terraform
Experience building and consuming HTTP and GRPC APIs alongside async communication
A product mindset, with the ability to reason about performance, reliability, and security-especially in payment systems
Fluent English skills.
Nice to have:
 
Background in payments, fintech, or high-availability systems
Strong DevOps practices or interest in CI/CD and observability
Comfortable working in a lean, fast-moving environment
Comfortable with design tools (figma)


THE BENEFITS AND PERKS 

We appreciate and reward our colleagues who do great work every day - from excelling for our customers, to taking ownership of an issue to get it resolved. Here's how we support our people with a range of exclusive benefits. 
 
1. Generous compensation and benefit package
Attractive salary
20-day paid annual leave and 7-day paid sick leave
13th month salary and Annual Performance Bonus
Premium healthcare for yourself and family members
Monthly allowance for team activities
Premium welcome kit and occasional gifts of appreciation
Extra benefits on your work anniversary
2. Exciting career and development opportunities 
 
Large scale products with modern technologies in banking domain
Clear roadmap for career advancement in both technical and leadership pathways
Access to digital learning platform such as Udemy
Consistent and high-quality leadership training through the Distinctive Leadership program (DLP)
Specialist capabilities and accreditations in key skill areas such as Cloud Engineering, Digital, Data, Security and SREs (Site reliability engineers)
Professional banking qualifications through the Career Qualified in Banking (CQiB) program accredited by FINSIA.
Sponsored English course with native teachers
Opportunity for training in Australia
3. Professional and engaging working environment 
 
Hybrid working model and excellent work-life balance
State-of-the-art & modern Agile office
Food and beverages in the office pantry
Employee Assistance Program to improve your physical and mental health
Annual team activities and company events
A solid and talented team behind you - great people who love what they do


A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE WORKS BETTER FOR EVERYONE 

We know that our people make us who we are. That's why we have built a culture of respect - where everyone feels valued and appreciated for being their true authentic selves at NAB. With our focus on inclusion and diversity, and in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups, NAB is a place where First Nations colleagues, colleagues of all genders, sexualities and ages, carers and colleagues with disability, and colleagues from all cultures, races and religions have the opportunity to thrive, connect and grow. 
 
We are intent on providing an environment where you can work your way. Ask about our many flexible work options and please let us know if we can provide any adjustments throughout the recruitment process.



CLOUD-FIRST 

NAB is undergoing an exciting "Cloud First" technology transformation by taking advantage of the latest tools and techniques used by leading technology and digital companies globally. But it's not just about the Tech, we are also investing heavily in our people, so if you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you!

If this excites you, let's have a chat over a cup of coffee! 






It's more than just a career at NAB!
We believe in people with people and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. More than just a career, NAB Vietnam offers you a flexibility to balance your work - life, the opportunity to grow as professionals, people and a complete set of well-being offerings. If you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you.
 
IT'S MORE THAN MONEY
We naturally also provide a very competitive remuneration package but a career with us is about a lot more than money. We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. We will work together to deliver exceptional products and outcomes that push the limits of our own aspirations. Our passion for creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we are constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. You will have our backing to develop and our encouragement to explore, realize and reach your full potential.

