https://itviec.com/viec-lam-it/product-owner-nab-innovation-centre-vietnam-3842?lab_feature=preview_jd_page

Mô tả công việc
Own and prioritise the squad backlog, ensuring alignment with business goals, product roadmap, and architecture vision.
Gather, analyse, and document business, data, and technical requirements, translating them into epics, features, and user stories.
Partner with stakeholders, Engineering, Architecture, and vendors to drive delivery, manage dependencies, and support decision-making.
Deliver and enhance MarTech platforms including UCH, AJO, ACC, Litmus, and Workfront, supporting Digital Signals, MADI, Leads & Consents, and Personalisation capabilities.
Act as the voice of the business, driving backlog prioritisation, value delivery, and stakeholder communication.
Participate in Agile ceremonies and coordinate UAT to ensure high-quality delivery outcomes.
Drive platform improvements across capability, scalability, governance, and user experience.
Ensure compliance with NAB risk, security, privacy, and governance standards.
Strong stakeholder management, analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills, with solid MarTech and Agile delivery experience.
Fulfil other tasks as assigned by your People Leader and/or authorized representative of NAB Vietnam from time to time.
Yêu cầu công việc
5+ years' experience as a Product Owner, Product Manager or similar role in Agile delivery environments.
Proven experience delivering MarTech, CRM, Customer Engagement, Personalisation, Digital Signals, Leads & Consents capabilities.
Strong understanding of marketing and customer data domains, such as Digital Signals (Redstar, Nabtrade, Hex), MADI, Leads & Consents, and Personalisation.
Experience managing product backlogs, defining requirements, and translating business needs into technology solutions.
Strong understanding of data analysis, data requirements, and database concepts.
Experience with Martech platforms such as Adobe (AJO, ACC, Workfront), Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Braze, or similar.
Knowledge of APIs, microservices, real-time data processing, cloud technologies, and DevOps practices.
Strong stakeholder management, communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills.
Understanding of marketing analytics, AI capabilities, data privacy, and security principles.
Experience in Financial Services or other regulated industries is highly desirable.
Proficient English in both verbal & written.
Tại sao bạn sẽ yêu thích làm việc tại đây
THE BENEFITS AND PERKS

1. Generous compensation and benefit package

Attractive salary and benefits
20-day annual leave and 7-day sick leave, etc.
13th month salary and Annual Performance Bonus
Premium healthcare for yourself and family members
Monthly allowance for team activities
Premium welcome kit and frequent appreciation gifts 
Extra benefits for long-term employees
2. Exciting career and development opportunities 

Large scale products with modern technologies in banking domain
Clear roadmap for career advancement in both technical and leadership pathways
Well-structured  learning and development programs (technical and soft skills) 
Sponsored certificates in both IT and banking/finance
Premium account on Udemy 
English learning with native teachers
Opportunity for traveling & training in Australia
3. Professional and engaging working environment

Hybrid working model and good work-life balance 
Well-equipped & modern Agile office with fully stocked pantry
Special programs to improve your physical and mental health
Annual company trip and events 
A solid talented team behind you – great people who love what they do
If this excites you, let's have a chat over a cup of coffee!