https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4454511089/

Solution Architect - BTB (Transaction Banking)
NAB Innovation Centre Vietnam


Solution Architect - BTB (Transaction Banking) 

Hanoi, Hanoi, Vietnam · 1 week ago · 5 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

Hybrid
Full-time
Apply

Job poster

Message
About the job
About the Job: 
 
 We're currently hiring for Solution Architect position in Vietnam, a pivotal position that will play key role in designing scalable, secure, and modern enterprise solutions aligned with NAB's global technology strategy. This is not just a technical role - it's a strategic opportunity to influence how we deliver products service at scale, support business growth, enable engineering excellence. 
 
 Main Responsibilities: 
 
 * Engage proactively with Product Owners, Project Managers, and Engineering team to define and deliver end-to-end solution architectures that align with NAB's enterprise technology roadmap and strategic priorities. 
 
 * Lead architectural option analysis, providing well-informed recommendations that balance speed to value, cost-effectiveness, security, and long-term alignment with NAB's target state. This includes deep evaluation of COTS solutions, optimal microservice architectures, and appropriate use of public cloud services. 
 
 * Collaborate closely with the broader architecture community-including Enterprise, Security, and Data Architects-to ensure solutions are fully integrated, secure by design, and aligned with enterprise-wide patterns, standards, and governance. 
 
 * Fulfil other tasks as assigned by your People Leader and/or authorized representative of NAB Vietnam from time to time. 
 
 You will bring the following skills and experience: 
 
 * 10+ years in Technology generally and 5+ years in Solution / Enterprise architecture. 
 
 * Excellent verbal and written English language skills. 
 
 * Strong negotiation and influencing skills to help shape business and tech strategy. 
 
 * Understand the trade-off involved in technology change while simultaneously delivering business benefits. Ie Choosing to use an off- target state platform to as a tactical solution in order to meet regulatory requirements whilst the target state platform is being built. 
 
 * Experience driving end-to-end solutions in complex organisations with regulatory and legacy constraints. 
 
 Highly desirable: 
 
 * Preferable: Commercial / Business Lending experience highly desirable. Experience in specialised finance, in particular Leasing / Equipment Finance is beneficial, as is any experience in programs of legacy transformation 
 
 * Architecture or technology-related certifications/cloud will be an advantage 
 
 THE BENEFITS AND PERKS 
 
 We appreciate and reward our colleagues who do great work every day - from excelling for our customers, to taking ownership of an issue to get it resolved. Here's how we support our people with a range of exclusive benefits. 
 
 1. Generous compensation and benefit package 
 
 * Attractive salary 
 
 * 20-day paid annual leave and 7-day paid sick leave 
 
 * 13th month salary and Annual Performance Bonus 
 
 * Premium healthcare for yourself and family members 
 
 * Monthly allowance for team activities 
 
 * Premium welcome kit and occasional gifts of appreciation 
 
 * Extra benefits on your work anniversary 
 
 2. Exciting career and development opportunities 
 
 * Large scale products with modern technologies in banking domain 
 
 * Clear roadmap for career advancement in both technical and leadership pathways 
 
 * Access to digital learning platform such as Udemy 
 
 * Consistent and high-quality leadership training through the Distinctive Leadership program (DLP) 
 
 * Specialist capabilities and accreditations in key skill areas such as Cloud Engineering, Digital, Data, Security and SREs (Site reliability engineers) 
 
 * Sponsored English course with native teachers 
 
 * Opportunity for training in Australia 
 
 3. Professional and engaging working environment 
 
 * Hybrid working model and excellent work-life balance 
 
 * State-of-the-art & modern Agile office 
 
 * Food and beverages in the office pantry 
 
 * Employee Assistance Program to improve your physical and mental health 
 
 * Annual team activities and company events 
 
 * A solid and talented team behind you - great people who love what they do 
 
 A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE WORKS BETTER FOR EVERYONE 
 
 We know that our people make us who we are. That's why we have built a culture of respect - where everyone feels valued and appreciated for being their true authentic selves at NAB. With our focus on inclusion and diversity, and in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups, NAB is a place where First Nations colleagues, colleagues of all genders, sexualities and ages, carers and colleagues with disability, and colleagues from all cultures, races and religions have the opportunity to thrive, connect and grow. 
 
 We are intent on providing an environment where you can work your way. Ask about our many flexible work options and please let us know if we can provide any adjustments throughout the recruitment process. 
 
 CLOUD-FIRST 
 
 NAB is undergoing an exciting "Cloud First" technology transformation by taking advantage of the latest tools and techniques used by leading technology and digital companies globally. But it's not just about the Tech, we are also investing heavily in our people, so if you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you! 
 
 If this excites you, let's have a chat over a cup of coffee!
 About the Job:

We're currently hiring for Solution Architect position in Vietnam, a pivotal position that will play key role in designing scalable, secure, and modern enterprise solutions aligned with NAB's global technology strategy. This is not just a technical role - it's a strategic opportunity to influence how we deliver products service at scale, support business growth, enable engineering excellence.

Main Responsibilities:
 
Engage proactively with Product Owners, Project Managers, and Engineering team to define and deliver end-to-end solution architectures that align with NAB's enterprise technology roadmap and strategic priorities.
Lead architectural option analysis, providing well-informed recommendations that balance speed to value, cost-effectiveness, security, and long-term alignment with NAB's target state. This includes deep evaluation of COTS solutions, optimal microservice architectures, and appropriate use of public cloud services.
Collaborate closely with the broader architecture community-including Enterprise, Security, and Data Architects-to ensure solutions are fully integrated, secure by design, and aligned with enterprise-wide patterns, standards, and governance.
Fulfil other tasks as assigned by your People Leader and/or authorized representative of NAB Vietnam from time to time.
You will bring the following skills and experience:
 
10+ years in Technology generally and 5+ years in Solution / Enterprise architecture.
Excellent verbal and written English language skills.
Strong negotiation and influencing skills to help shape business and tech strategy.
Understand the trade-off involved in technology change while simultaneously delivering business benefits. Ie Choosing to use an off- target state platform to as a tactical solution in order to meet regulatory requirements whilst the target state platform is being built.
Experience driving end-to-end solutions in complex organisations with regulatory and legacy constraints.
Highly desirable:
 
Preferable: Commercial / Business Lending experience highly desirable. Experience in specialised finance, in particular Leasing / Equipment Finance is beneficial, as is any experience in programs of legacy transformation
Architecture or technology-related certifications/cloud will be an advantage
THE BENEFITS AND PERKS

We appreciate and reward our colleagues who do great work every day - from excelling for our customers, to taking ownership of an issue to get it resolved. Here's how we support our people with a range of exclusive benefits.

1. Generous compensation and benefit package
 
Attractive salary
20-day paid annual leave and 7-day paid sick leave
13th month salary and Annual Performance Bonus
Premium healthcare for yourself and family members
Monthly allowance for team activities
Premium welcome kit and occasional gifts of appreciation
Extra benefits on your work anniversary
2. Exciting career and development opportunities
 
Large scale products with modern technologies in banking domain
Clear roadmap for career advancement in both technical and leadership pathways
Access to digital learning platform such as Udemy
Consistent and high-quality leadership training through the Distinctive Leadership program (DLP)
Specialist capabilities and accreditations in key skill areas such as Cloud Engineering, Digital, Data, Security and SREs (Site reliability engineers)
Sponsored English course with native teachers
Opportunity for training in Australia
3. Professional and engaging working environment
 
Hybrid working model and excellent work-life balance
State-of-the-art & modern Agile office
Food and beverages in the office pantry
Employee Assistance Program to improve your physical and mental health
Annual team activities and company events
A solid and talented team behind you - great people who love what they do
A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE WORKS BETTER FOR EVERYONE

We know that our people make us who we are. That's why we have built a culture of respect - where everyone feels valued and appreciated for being their true authentic selves at NAB. With our focus on inclusion and diversity, and in partnership with our Employee Resource Groups, NAB is a place where First Nations colleagues, colleagues of all genders, sexualities and ages, carers and colleagues with disability, and colleagues from all cultures, races and religions have the opportunity to thrive, connect and grow.
 
We are intent on providing an environment where you can work your way. Ask about our many flexible work options and please let us know if we can provide any adjustments throughout the recruitment process.

CLOUD-FIRST

NAB is undergoing an exciting "Cloud First" technology transformation by taking advantage of the latest tools and techniques used by leading technology and digital companies globally. But it's not just about the Tech, we are also investing heavily in our people, so if you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you!

If this excites you, let's have a chat over a cup of coffee!


It's more than just a career at NAB! 
 
 We believe in people with people and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. More than just a career, NAB Vietnam offers you a flexibility to balance your work - life, the opportunity to grow as professionals, people and a complete set of well-being offerings. If you have an appetite to learn, grow and elevate others around you, this is the place for you. 
 
 
 
 IT'S MORE THAN MONEY 
 
 We naturally also provide a very competitive remuneration package but a career with us is about a lot more than money. We believe in people with ideas and dreams, and we want you to achieve your aspirations. We will work together to deliver exceptional products and outcomes that push the limits of our own aspirations. Our passion for creating value and exceeding our customers' expectations means we are constantly striving to redefine our standards of excellence. You will have our backing to develop and our encouragement to explore, realize and reach your full potential.
… more
